feat(controller): setup for .proto/grpc/http (#9)
dev-sys-do/orka: controller/README.md

# Controller gRPC implementing task scheduling

## Description

> This project is a gRPC implementation (server and client) that allows you to manage the state of a Kubernetes cluster. The gRPC server (controller) receives information about the current state of the cluster from the scheduler, saves this new state in a database, and retrieves the requested state from the database (workload). The controller then uses the scheduling function to schedule changes if the state is not good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the `orka` controller reference implementation. The `orka` controller manages the overall state of an `orka` cluster through one public `gRPC` API and an internal one. The former allows for clients to control an `orka` cluster and e.g. create new workload instances, while the latter is consumed by the scheduler component to synchronously send node and instances status updates.

This project provides both a public API sample implementation and the internal API reference implementation.
```

Reviewer 2: Done :+1:

## Installation

> >**_Warning_**: When installing protocol buffers compiler ([protoc](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/)), make sure to install at least the version 3.15.x . Watch out by default `apt` installs version 3.12.x. To install the latest version required you can follow the steps bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**_Warning_**: The protocol buffers compiler ([protoc](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/)) version 3.15.x or later is required to build this project. Follow the steps below to install it manually if your distribution installs an earlier version of the `protoc` toolchain.
```

Reviewer 2: Done :+1:
